README.md, before:

# Clean Living

Walking a mile in the shoes of a game developer.

## Description

_Clean Living_ is another drop in the pool that is the survival game genre.  The difference between this game and others is that our end-goal is not to publish the game and become overnight millionaires (though if you want to send us millions, let me know!).

Instead, our emphasis is on having fun and learning. In particular, we're not aiming for just collaborators and contributors to learn from this project, we intend for our group of software professionals to stream the majority of the game's development, demonstrating and putting into practice our broad range of industry leading practices, experience and knowledge.

## What to expect

All collaborators on this project are strong advocates of [clean code] and [agile], and as such will be demonstrating best practices, talking about object-orientated-programming [design patterns], [SOLID principles], [SCRUM] methodology, and so forth.

We'll be taking questions and feedback, where possible helping to put developers new to these concepts on the right track.

## Collaborators

In no particular order, these are the current project collaborators, a little bit of information about each, and where to watch them stream!

---------

**Tommy Long (Smudge202)**

I'm a Senior Software Developer and avid gamer with experience in commercial development since before I had any grey hair.

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/smudge202
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Smudge202

---------

**Dan Kirkhan (herecydev)**

I'm Dan, junior developer; pro gamer.

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/herecydev

---------

**Matt Ridgway**

I'm Matt, by day i'm a development manager and no longer get to write any code, so i like to make up for it by contributing to projects like this.

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/mattridgway
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Matt_Ridgway

---------

## Contributions

The initial collborators all know one another offline, but we're by no means a closed net group. We remain open to suggestions and pull-request contributions to the project.

Our only condition is that Pull-Requests follow the same agile clean-code format on which the project is based!  Pull-Requests that don't quite meet the mark we will endeavour to provide constructive feedback in order to remedy any faults and continue the merge.  Pull-Requests falling too far short will simply be declined, though we invite the authors to ask for help and try again.

## Contact Us

The team can be contacted through our group e-mail address:

clean.living.devs@gmail.com

Feel free to send any feedback or hate mail - [Tommy] feeds on your rage! We also invite you to create issues and comment on our existing issues, especially if you would like for us to prioritise certain work over others because it is of interest to you.

  [clean code]: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Clean-Code-Handbook-Software-Craftsmanship/dp/0132350882
  [agile]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development
  [design patterns]: http://www.oodesign.com
  [SOLID principles]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID_%28object-oriented_design%29
  [SCRUM]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrum_%28software_development%29
  [Tommy]: https://github.com/Smudge202

Commit message:

Mentioned reason for unclear game direction

README.md, after:

# Clean Living

Walking a mile in the shoes of a game developer.

## Description

_Clean Living_ is another drop in the pool that is the survival game genre. The difference between this game and others is that our end-goal is not to publish the game and become overnight millionaires (though if you want to send us millions, let me know!).

Instead, our emphasis is on having fun and learning. In particular, we're not aiming for just collaborators and contributors to learn from this project, we intend for our group of software professionals to stream the majority of the game's development, demonstrating and putting into practice our broad range of industry leading practices, experience and knowledge.

As a result, there won't always be clear direction on what features will or will not be present in the game, as we'll be taking feedback and suggestions, implementing anything that sounds challenging or interesting.  You can get a feel for what's currently under developement by checking out the [issues page]!

## What to expect

All collaborators on this project are strong advocates of [clean code] and [agile], and as such will be demonstrating best practices, talking about object-orientated-programming [design patterns], [SOLID principles], [SCRUM] methodology, and so forth.

We'll be taking questions and feedback, where possible helping to put developers new to these concepts on the right track.

## Collaborators

In no particular order, these are the current project collaborators, a little bit of information about each, and where to watch them stream!

---------

**Tommy Long (Smudge202)**

I'm a Senior Software Developer and avid gamer with experience in commercial development since before I had any grey hair.

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/smudge202
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Smudge202

---------

**Dan Kirkhan (herecydev)**

I'm Dan, junior developer; pro gamer.

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/herecydev

---------

**Matt Ridgway**

I'm Matt, by day i'm a development manager and no longer get to write any code, so i like to make up for it by contributing to projects like this.

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/mattridgway
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Matt_Ridgway

---------

## Contributions

The initial collborators all know one another offline, but we're by no means a closed net group. We remain open to suggestions and pull-request contributions to the project.

Our only condition is that Pull-Requests follow the same agile clean-code format on which the project is based!  Pull-Requests that don't quite meet the mark we will endeavour to provide constructive feedback in order to remedy any faults and continue the merge.  Pull-Requests falling too far short will simply be declined, though we invite the authors to ask for help and try again.

## Contact Us

The team can be contacted through our group e-mail address:

clean.living.devs@gmail.com

Feel free to send any feedback or hate mail - [Tommy] feeds on your rage! We also invite you to create issues and comment on our existing issues, especially if you would like for us to prioritise certain work over others because it is of interest to you.

  [issues page]: https://github.com/Smudge202/clean-living/issues
  [clean code]: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Clean-Code-Handbook-Software-Craftsmanship/dp/0132350882
  [agile]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development
  [design patterns]: http://www.oodesign.com
  [SOLID principles]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID_%28object-oriented_design%29
  [SCRUM]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrum_%28software_development%29
  [Tommy]: https://github.com/Smudge202
